Who is it? What's wrong?
Zhang Feng, my chest hurts.
It hurts on both sides. Um,
Give me your hand first, and I will sell it to whomever you want.
People with symptoms, two rooms can be planted,
Infinitely close to the early stage of cancer,
As for the method. Twenty-four stitches accident,
Acupuncture correction method, combined with ancient washing and sui method,
Wash with the ancient prescriptions, and the symptoms will return to the eyes.
Well, you can grow on both sides, you should know this.
Yes, you are indeed a professional.
I went to this hospital and asked about it, but the treatment fees in big hospitals are too expensive.
I touched two on the left and three on the right
It's only so big, just touch it, you have to touch it